Added intros, meta descriptions, relatedlinks (#577)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/how-to/optional-customisation/customise-pdf.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: How to customize PDF output using LaTeX configuration.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
   :description: How to customize PDF output with LaTeX.
```

[[customize PDF output] [using LaTeX configuration]] could be confused with [customize [PDF output using LaTex configuration]].
